READING IS MY BEST HOBBY.

Hi,My name is Afia.Today I would like to tell you about my reading hobby.
Reading is an incredibly inexpensive hobby that provides so many benefits.
books make my mind sharp. It is a known fact that books improve our brain muscles. 
They make us think better and improve our decision making abilities.


Regular reading has many advantages, reading is a good hobby that can increase 
your overall knowledge level and help you improve various skills. 
Of course, it will also just allow you to have fun and escape the everyday life!


You Can Read Anywhere and Anytime

Reading is a good hobby that everyone can do. All you need to read is a book 
that you actually want to read. You can read your book almost everywhere, 
of course, I would not advise you to read while driving your car or your bike.


Some of the most common places where people read are in public places such as coffee shops 
and libraries, relaxed on the couch or in bed, on the bus or train while going to work.






It does Not Cost a Lot of Money

Reading definitely does not need to cost a lot of money. You can find reasonably priced books
online in all of the very well-known online bookstores. You can also reduce the average cost 
of your books if you mainly buy paperbacks, which are considerably cheaper than hardcovers.

Another way to save money and spend less on reading is by buying books in second-hand 
bookstores.

Reading Increases Your Tolerance
When you read a lot of books, you will learn about people in different situations, with different opinions, 
beliefs, and lifestyles. This will not necessarily mean that you will agree with everything 
that you read or learn about. But you will be able to better understand the situations of 
others and show more empathy. You will learn not to judge without understanding or knowing 
the story behind certain behaviors and opinions. In this way, reading can and will increase 
your tolerance in daily life.

Reading Reduces Your Stress Level

Because reading makes you feel relaxed and you often read in quiet places where you like 
spending time, reading will reduce your overall stress level.


Reading Makes You Sleep Better

Recent sleep studies show that you will more easily fall asleep after reading a good book. 
You will also experience a deeper sleep and wake up feeling more energized. In addition, 
you will feel more satisfied as you have used your time productively. 
At least you did not spend hours checking Facebook or Twitter.


Tips to adopt reading as a hobby

1).you must be prepared to spend at least 2 hours daily for your hobby.

2).Learn new things from books.

3).Go to library.

4).Book club.
5).Reading club.











